hello ladies and gentlemen and welcome
to another episode of playing with tanks
I'm 80 and today we'll be looking at the
best medium tank in the game which is
the object 140 it is the Russian tier 10
medium tank now specifically i don't
think the object 140 is the best of tier
10 medium tank in the game but
statistically speaking like from what
you can expect it is the best
combination of mobility gun handling gun
depression and armor that you can get it
has a fairly good turret albeit this
very easy to pen if you hit the little
part on the topic and get overmatched
but if you're fast enough if you're a
big lean back and forth against heavy
tanks who do not have really like really
high in in time you almost cannot get
shot in your weak spots and that isn't
one thing that makes the object 140 very
very good in my opinion though I do like
to teach it to to way better then then
my object 140 and but that's just a
personal preference it's not based on
anything like I said in the last game I
just like bad tanks i play my 121 a lot
more than my other medium tanks I like
the FE for two or two and my most played
medium tank is the m48 Patton which I
gladly and happily play any day of the
week even though people think it's utter
garbage but that's just me and I'm kind
of here so Karkov is a very interesting
map from what I have we learned about
playing this map is
not want to over commit to a specific
blank early on what you want to do is
you just want to wait you want to see
where the enemies are coming at you know
what they are trying to do and then sort
of like respond accordingly and that is
what I'm doing the object 40 I'm just
gonna stay in the middle trying to bide
my time trying to figure out where do I
need to go maybe I need you go lab do i
need to go right which 1i gets weaker
which finally stronger and then I'll
kind of decide you know that now is the
time to start like bouncing something so
I see the is-8 has gotten himself into a
rest position early on and I just go in
fact in many ways because you know I
assay which is not care if he's getting
shot at or not he appears distraught
after
no I showed him a second time doesn't
prevent him from taking another tracking
damage between me and I know that in my
fire rate is so fast that I can put two
shots where we transition to me once and
now I'm not so excited about taking a
cock from the ISA because the object
140s armor is good but since I actually
do not know whether he's fine ap or a
PCR I don't want to risk the chance of
him after shooting me one more time so
I'm just gonna go and you know do
something else now I see this conquer is
being really aggressive you know coming
on from the east side I get shot in the
baggage but I know that you know it can
take maybe another shot if I run into
cover and you know the mini-map it
wasn't an autoloader so I was kind of
happy and the conversation driving
without giving
no perhaps about like who's shooting him
and I keep putting the building in
between
me and the template was shooting me so
as to not get shot again the Conqueror
even now he's oblivious and gets taken
out there quickly now I see the leopard
PTA who's moved into our base now a
leopard pda's gun is very very nice it's
the 210 gun so I don't expect to be
bouncing a lot of shots from that tank
so what I'm gonna do instead now is to
trade either to make him like this a
shot or make it so that I put two shots
for every much other confessing to me I
managed to put my shot into him and you
know I'm waiting on the other side you
know put a second shot into him I know
that I reload way faster than he does he
has roughly a 9-second reward I fire
every two seconds not two seconds per se
but if he was like two seconds sometimes
the leopard Pete here doesn't attract me
and this time around and you know he was
saving to the leopard PTA instead of
actually just shooting him I'm gonna
track him and if the lip ed had come out
again I would've shot him again but I
don't care now I was gonna let the m103
finish him off but he early did which
makes me even happier because I'm sure
he's fuming somewhere thinking though
already so overpowered you know which I
do think already zapper but you know
it's nice when somebody else late when
are already like shoots something and
I'm not the one getting shot at so all
that remains is this object 140 I'm
gonna sneak up behind him very sneakily
and just track him in place and do
damage to him and he won't be able to do
anything about it which makes him fairly
angry if you keep looking at the comment
section below he says pretty nice things
before he leaves but then again it was
kinda lean on his
this kind of his team's felt like for
not doing anything but yeah you win some
you lose some and I say that but I'm the
one raging half the time most of the
game you scrub or ya know but you know
this game is so orangey sometimes I just
can't help myself so hopefully you guys
enjoyed these videos feel free to like
and subscribe um this one was ish about
the same length so I thought I would do
two videos in two days you know I had
this game laying around so you know let
me know what you think about the object
140 do you really the best tier 10
medium tanks or do you think somebody
else would you be better and i'll see
you next guys episode of playing World
of Tanks